Explicitly state multiple workload cluster limitations (#1094)
elastisys/welkin: docs/user-guide/how-many-environments.md

Some services such as [OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/multi-tenancy/tenant-index/) and [Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/operations/multi-tenancy/) with [Thanos](https://thanos.io/tip/operating/multi-tenancy.md/#multi-tenancy) technically support multi-tenancy even if it is not implemented in Welkin as of yet. Harbor however, with its [system administrator role](https://goharbor.io/docs/2.12.0/administration/managing-users/#assigning-the-harbor-system-administrator-role), has no concept of multi-tenancy and can not be implemented without decreasing the permissions of an Application Developer in Welkin.

> This means that if multi-tenancy was implemented wherever possible, it would leave the responsibility of the trust boundary in the hands of these third party services (Grafana, Harbor, OpenSearch, Thanos). We would have to trust that they maintain this separation as their software evolves. We have already decided in [ADR-0050](../adr/0050-use-cluster-isolation.md) that Cluster isolation between the Workload and Management Cluster is necessary to achieve regulatory compliance, and in this page that multiple environments are recommended for further security between production and non-production data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if multi-tenancy was implemented wherever possible, it would leave the responsibility of maintaining the trust boundary in the hands of the developers of the major application developer-facing Endpoints (i.e. Grafana, Harbor, OpenSearch, Thanos). Some of these projects are maintained by companies that may make choices to remove certain functionality they deem enterprise-only. Welkin would have to trust that they maintain the trust boundary as their software offering evolves, but this is not a given. We have already decided in [ADR-0050](../adr/0050-use-cluster-isolation.md) that Cluster isolation between the Workload and Management Cluster is necessary to achieve regulatory compliance, and in this page that multiple environments are recommended for further security between production and non-production data.
```

When I read "third party services", it sounds like they'd be hosted elsewhere. But now I get what you meant. How about this, to make it even more clear?

Author: Liked that a lot :+1:
